# Turbulent Combustion Visualization

This Vue application visualizes slices of 3D turbulent combustion data taken along the x-axis. 

## Libraries/Dependencies Installed in this Framework
 * D3.js v7 for visualization
 * [axios](https://axios-http.com/docs/intro) for API.
 * [pinia](https://pinia.vuejs.org/introduction.html) for store management in Vue.js
 * [Vuetify](https://next.vuetifyjs.com/en/components/all/) for UI that follows Google Material Design 3.
 * [lodash](https://lodash.com/) for utility functions in JavaScript.

## Set-up

To set up the application: 

1. Install packages from package.json:
`cd ./Vue-Template`, then `npm install`

2. Run the application with `npm run dev`, which will be hosted at `localhost:3000`

Currently, the application can only display one slice at a given time. 
By default, it will load in the data from and generate visualizations for the slice at `x = 30`.
However, multiple slice files are available to visualize within the `data` folder. 

To change the slice to visualize, change the line `import data from '../../data/temp_data_s30.json'` in both `/src/Contours.Vue` and `/src/Auxillary.Vue` to be `import data from '../../data/temp_data_sN.json'` where N is the number of an available slice in the `data` folder. 

## Navigation Interactions:

Upon loading the application, the visualization system will be set to show all data at the highest level of abstraction, the layer level view. The intended displays and interactions for each level of abstraction are outlined below.

### Layer Level View

**Interactive View:** Displays all layer contour generated by input voxel data; 
1. Hover over layer contour to highlight it. This will display the layer's id and the cursor's current y-z position relative to the slice.
2. Click on a layer to select it.  This will bring you into the component level view, where all polygon elements not associated with the selected layer are hidden.

**Auxillary View:** The scatter plot will display points for all voxels associated with the displayed layer contours; Meanwhile, the barchart will display the mean and standard deviation for temperature for each displayed layer. Hovering over a bar shows additional aggregate statistics (mean and standard deviation) on OH radical concentration for its associated layer. 

### Component Level View: 

**Interactive View:** Displays all component contours for the selected layer. 
1. Hover over a component to highlight it; This will display the component's id, its layer id, and the cursor's y-z position.
2. Click on a component to select it. This will bring you into the cell level view, where the selected component and its indivdual cells are all visible while the elements not associated with the selected component are hidden. 
3. Double click on the white space (outside the components) to return to the layer level view. 

**Auxillary View:** The scatter plot will display points for all voxels associated with the selected layer; Meanwhile, the barchart will display the mean and standard deviation for temperature for each displayed component. Hovering over a bar shows additional aggregate statistics (mean and standard deviation) on OH radical concentration for its associated component. 

### Cell Level View: 

**Interactive View:** Displays all cells for the selected component.
1. Hover over a cell to highlight it; This will display the cell's id, its component id, and its layer id, along with the cursor's y-z position.
2. Click on the cell to select it. This will change its color, indicating that its voxels has been selected to be displayed on the scatter plot (see Auxillary view description below)
3. Double click on the white space (outside the component) to return to the component level view.

**Auxillary View:** Initially, the scatter plot will display points for all voxels associated with the selected component. Upon selecting cells in the interactive view, however, the scatter plot will update to only show the points associated with the voxels of the selected cell(s). 
Meanwhile, the barchart will display the mean and standard deviation for temperature for each displayed cell. Hovering over a bar shows additional aggregate statistics (mean and standard deviation) on OH radical concentration for its associated cell. 


## Other Interactions:

**Interactive View:** For all levels of abstraction, you can zoom into the display by scrolling, then move around by clicking and dragging the chart to go in the direction you want to. 

**Auxillary View:** For the component and cell level views, users can pan the bars of the bar chart out by scrolling on the display. 
